[Music]
the first foreign leader to get a taste
of trump in the white house
was the british prime minister
i'm in the lead car with the prime
minister
and the first thing i notice is that the
president has come
to the front door to meet her i'm
already thinking to myself
that's different also to myself that was
quite a positive nice
gesture the personal chemistry between
president trump and prime minister
theresa may was not great
um president trump thinks of himself as
a strong
leader and he likes to work with other
strong leaders and part of that is his
business background
you know in new york real estate it's
one of the most elbows out toughest
businesses there are
and the image that she gave was one not
of strength
trump had long railed against some of
america's traditional
alliances priority
was to persuade him to stick with the
most critical
when trump said well what are we getting
out of nato maybe we shouldn't be in
nato
the media all went crazy oh donald
trump's going to withdraw from nato no
he's not
he just wanted to cut her better deal it
was
very very clear that donald trump was a
man of business transaction
and so she went straight in with what
she wanted she said
we can't give a message that we're
undermining such an important
institution she said to him that nato
was
the cornerstone of western defence
she said i want to say in the press
conference donald that you are 100
behind nato i hope you can agree that i
can say that
and that you will agree with me publicly
the special relationship between our two
countries
has been one of the great forces in
history
for justice and for peace and by the way
my mother
was born in scotland storn away
well thank you very much uh mr president
on defense and security cooperation
we're
united in our recognition of nato mr
president i think you said
you confirm that you're 100 behind nato
the special relationship looked like
holding strong
perhaps too strong he held
her hand going through the colonies
which
took us all by surprise and took teresa
by surprise
but i think she felt she couldn't really
take her hand back
so she was stuck with hands in the hand
um and the first thing she said was yeah
i need to call phillip just to let him
know that i've been holding hands with
another man
before it hits the media